docs: Update docs to include authentication with Facebook Limited Login (#948)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/parse-server/third-party-auth.md

}
```

> With Facebook's iOS SDK 17, you are required to implement Facebook Limited Login. If the user does not allow tracking through Apple's App Tracking Transparency, then the Facebook returns a JWT token instead of an access token. Therefore, in your app you would need to check if tracking is allowed or not and pass the relevant tokens. If your app does not receive an access token, then you will need to pass the below instead. *Available on parse-server v6.5.6 and above and v7.0.1 and above.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Facebook's iOS SDK 17, you are required to implement Facebook Limited Login. If the user does not allow tracking through Apple's App Tracking Transparency, then the Facebook returns a JWT token instead of an access token. Therefore, in your app you would need to check if tracking is allowed or not and pass the relevant tokens. If your app does not receive an access token, then you will need to pass the below instead. *Available on Parse Server >= 6.5.6 < 7 and >=7.0.1.*
```
